SANDERS: Wolf, thank you very much. CNN, thank you very much. Secretary Clinton, thank you very much.

When we began this campaign almost a year ago, we started off at 3 percent in the polls. We were about 70 points behind Secretary Clinton. In the last couple of weeks, there were two polls out there that had us ahead. [applause]

Of the last nine caucuses and primaries, we have won eight of them, many of them by landslide victories. [applause]

Over the last year, we have received almost 7 million individual campaign contributions, averaging — guess what — $27 apiece, more individual campaign contributions than any candidate in American history at this point in a campaign.

The reason that our campaign has done so well is because we're doing something very radical: We're telling the American people the truth. And the truth is that this country is not going to move forward in a significant way for working people unless we overturn this disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court decision...[applause]... and unless we have real campaign reform so that billionaires and super PACs cannot buy elections. [applause]

This campaign is also determined to end a rigged economy where the rich get richer and everybody else get poorer, and create an economy that works for all of us, not just the 1 percent.

Thank you.





-----------------
SANDERS: Well, I've known Secretary Clinton, how long, 25 years?

We worked together in the Senate. And I said that in response to the kind of attacks we were getting from the Clinton, uh, campaign. "Washington Post" headline says "Clinton Campaign says Sanders is Unqualified" and that's what the surrogates were saying.

Does Secretary Clinton have the experience and the intelligence to be a president?

Of course she does. [applause]

But I do question... [applause]...but I do question her judgment. I question a judgment which voted for the war in Iraq...[applause]...the worst foreign policy blunder in the history of this country, voted for virtually every disastrous trade agreement which cost us millions of decent-paying jobs. And I question her judgment about running super PACs which are collecting tens of millions of dollars from special interests, including $15 million from Wall Street.

I don't believe that that is...[applause]...the kind of judgment we need to be the kind of president we need.


-------------------

